[Music]
Israel's
government has no red lines no
more and it should be held responsible
and
punished since the beginning of the
aggression there was a
Bloodshed
and given this massacre that took place
tonight and
having I decided to stop my visit and to
go back home so that I can be with my
people during
this painful situation and hard times
I've agreed with my brothers in Egypt
and Jordan to cancel the summit That was
supposed to take place with President
Biden
and I call on everyone for
Unity and we call everyone
to remain calm because this will only
benefit the enemies of the Palestinian
people it's been more than 75 years of
pain and occupation and
crimes and violations against and
violations of international law while
the world remains
silent we have warned the International
Community of the consequences of the
crimes committed by Israel and I demand
now during these difficult times to held
the governments of Israel responsible
and to provide International protection
for our
people dozens of decisions have
been taken and made and many resolutions
have been taken but have never been
implemented because the United States
does not want to implement it this
aggression should stop and those
crimes should stop as well we will not
allow for another nakba during the 21st
century and we will not accept that our
people will be forced to move again and
displaced they will remain on their land
and we will not move we will not leave
we will not
leave no matter the sacrifices that we
have to
make we will exert all our efforts and
do all what we can so that we can stop
this Blood shed in
Gaza any words or any statements except
about ceasefire will not be accepted and
the security Council should shoulder its
responsibility and should take the
initiative to issue a resolution to
condemn this crime and to stop the
aggression
immediately
we call our people
our to for Unity during this decisive
moment this is a dangerous
moment we can
only face this situation and to be able
to
stand by each other's side I salute all
our
people in Gaza STP Our Heroes and
everywhere and I tell
them that the isra plans to displace you
and make you leave your land will never
happen and we will face it and we will
stop it and we
respect the position of all the
countries who stood by us all the Arab
countries that are against the
displacement do not allow it we
appreciate their position our people
will not surrender and we will make
victory at the end peace be upon all our
Mars and speed recovery for the wounded
and we will free the
prisoners we will be on continuous
meeting as of now to take or make the
right decisions in order to stop those
Massac
against our
people the meetings will continue in
order to make all the required decisions
and the decisions that you deem fit and
we demand from the
world a world that has always been
silent it's time to take action it's
time to speak it's time to say something
but you cannot remain silent as if this
Palestinian people did not exist and
their blood has
no value everyone is silent we will
never accept this we will never accept
this from now
on and we will not surrender but what is
important is that we will stay on our
land we will not leave our land and we
will not allow
anyone to force us to leave or to
displace us as they did in the past the
past will not repeat itself 1948 and
1967 events will not happen
again okay that was Palestinian
Authority president Mahmud Abbas
speaking after that Israeli air raid on
a hospital in Gaza in which 500 people
were killed let's bring in Imran Khan
who joins us from occupied East
Jerusalem Imran correct me if I'm wrong
but up until this point we haven't
publicly seen the Palestinian Authority
president we've only received statements
so what do you make of his comments now
12 days into this
war well he had to speak he had to speak
after that hospital bombing there's no
way that he couldn't issue a statement
particular ularly after he canel his
meeting with President Joe Biden that
meeting is now completely canceled uh
according to reports we hearing um the
jordanians aren't going to be meeting
and the is the um Egyptians aren't going
to be meeting he also knows the mood on
the streets of the occupied West Bank
everybody in the occupied West Bank is
supporting uh the people of Gaza and
everything that they're going through he
couldn't get this ceasefire you heard
him speak there blaming the Israelis
squarely uh for for uh the attack uh but
he also talked about a ceasefire that's
something he hasn't been able to get so
clearly he feels incredibly frustrated
uh and feels like there is nothing to
talk to the Americans about so
addressing his people has become uh the
priority here now remember he doesn't
have any contacts with Hamas he doesn't
have any contacts with the Israelis the
International Community is really the
only way he has of uh trying to put
pressure on Israel uh to either maintain
a either start and maintain a ceasefire
or actually just entirely stop this war
but now he's not meeting with President
Joe Biden so that's an Avenue that's
been cut off to him I think he feels
like he is cut off from the uh
International Community that he has to
now rely on the Arab world he mentioned
uh the Arab world there he said that um
it's now up to the Arab world to try and
put pressure uh on the Israelis to try
and stop uh what they're doing so it was
incredibly important that he was seen
after everything that's gone on and
remember this has only all happened in
the last say six or seven hours this is
all very fresh so he needed to speak to
the Palestinian people that's what he's
done he's got his message out there but
it's not going to have any impact on the
Israelis the president US President Joe
Biden is still going to come and meet
with Israeli officials including prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu he's firmly
backing the Israelis and and there
doesn't look like any ceasefire is going
to come particularly in the immediate
future Imran this comes after tension
between Palestinians and security forces
in rala they're angry at the Palestinian
Authority that's absolutely right and
though the Palestinian Authority
Security Forces actually cracked down on
all of those protesters they came out
just as those pictures that we all saw
uh from the hospital came out it angered
them they needed to come out on the
streets and show their support for the
people of Gaza that spilled over into
violence just goes to show you how
people are feeling everybody is feeling
like they are under attack if they're
Palestinian doesn't matter if you live
in the occupied West Bank or if you live
in the Gaza Strip there is a Unity on
the Palestinian Street right now that we
haven't seen in a very long time time
and that's why they came out on the
streets my colleagues in Rolo will be
able to give you a much more deeper
analysis of exactly what took place but
uh I can tell you that I'd spent about a
week and a half about seven eight days
in uh ramala just before I came to
occupied East Jerusalem people were
people were afraid that they would be
next that seems to have now changed they
out in the streets showing solidarity
because it's not about them being next
anymore it's about them being
Palestinian
but Emily I have to say we're in the
middle of one of the biggest information
Wars that I've actually seen uh covering
this region for about 23 years now um
the Israelis have come out and said uh
that the bombing that took place in the
hospital was Islamic Jihad not just the
Israelis but prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu president Isaac OK uh Benny
Gans the Israeli Army are all blaming
Islamic Jihad Islamic Jihad for their
part have said it wasn't them msf
several other people including the
Anglican Church have also said that this
was an Israeli attack now there is
precedent for what the Israelis are
actually doing if you recall our
colleague um Shireen Abu journalist for
Al jazer Arabic when she was killed uh
the Israelis in the first few hours
blamed Palestinian gunmen for this they
were very clear they said this was a
Palestinian gunman that actually shot
Shireen Abu AK a couple of days later
they changed their story and they
actually admitted it we've seen the
Israelis do this when something like
this happens they muddy the waters they
try and push uh the blame on to the
Palestinians RI Manor who was just
speaking at the United Nations uh C
United Nations there he actually also
squarely blamed the Israelis for this as
well prime minister Mahmud Abbas in his
statement blamed the Israelis as well so
there is this information War that's
going on but by no means is that unusual
for the Israelis they will come out in
the initial stages and muddy the waters
however we are hearing uh from Islamic
Jihad and several others like I've just
said that this was an Israeli attack
Imran thanks so much for breaking it all
down for us as always Imran Khan from
occupied East Jerusalem